
Here is the situation in simple words, and then a clear plan.
You are the senior expert complex problem solver
and help me to build my MVP for the AI for Bharat
Hackathon we have moved to the building phase
where the submission requirements are project
summary demonstration of the video link code
base of Github repository working link of the URL
of our project The project should be functional
and where we are moving to prototype
development phase We have four days to
prototype this I have uploaded all the
requirements.Md and design.MD File And as the
first year student we don't know anything about
how to build so you should guide us in detail
building phase and till submission of the
prototype to AI for Bharat you will act as the
mentor for our team Each and every step should
be in detail a small child can understand and work
on it Each step should be clear and detailed and
ppt what we are doing first you understand in
detail about our project and tell us once you are
confiend to build withiout any errors in the code
while build this project this prject is very
important for me and my team ,you know my
team not know any thing they are biggner in this
field so you will leads for this project till we submit
the working link to them we have only 4 days for
this building phase all must the files must be
separate it makes ust easy to build this

From your requirements.md, design.md and both PDFs, this is what your project is:
Project name: Vidya-Setu – “Bridge of Knowledge”.
Goal: Help rural Indian students learn school subjects (like Physics, Maths) using:
Their own language (Kannada, Hindi, etc.).
Voice instead of typing (because many are not comfortable typing in English).
Big ideas:
1. Agentic AI Tutor
Not just a chatbot. It should behave like a teacher/mentor:
Understand what the student already knows.
Predict what they should learn next.
Give examples from daily life (like farming, cricket, festivals).
2. Transcreation, not just translation
Instead of just translating English to Kannada, it explains in a culturally familiar way.
3. Offline-first
Internet in villages is weak. So:
When internet is available, the app downloads next few lessons.
Later, student can study offline from those saved lessons.
4. Uses Indian and AWS tech
Bhashini – for Indian language speech and translation.
Amazon Bedrock (Claude 3.5) – for smart explanations and analogies.
AWS Lambda, API Gateway, DynamoDB, S3 – serverless, cheap and scalable.
Frontend: React Native mobile app (in the AI-Hackathon PDF)
and/or React PWA (in design.md). Both are acceptable to judges.
Hackathon submission needs:
Working prototype (URL or app link).
GitHub repo (clean structure, clear README).
Short video demo (showing main features).
Project summary / PPT (idea, architecture, demo screenshots).
You have 4 days and the team are beginners.
So: you cannot build everything in the huge architecture.
You must build a small, working slice (MVP) that proves the idea.
1. What your project is (in simple language)

To finish in 4 days as first-years, we will build a very focused MVP:
Student can:
1. Open a simple mobile-friendly web app (React PWA).
2. Choose:
Language: English / Kannada (start with just 2).
Subject/topic: e.g. Physics – Gravity.
3. Ask a question (first as text, voice later if time).
4. Backend:
Sends question to Bhashini (or a mocked translation if you cannot get API keys in time).
Then sends English version + student level to Amazon Bedrock (Claude).
Gets answer: explanation + simple analogy + 1 quiz question.
Optionally translates back to Kannada using Bhashini.
5. Frontend shows:
A “Knowledge Card”:
Short explanation.
Local analogy (e.g., using farm example).
1 simple quiz question.
Student can answer quiz; app shows correct / incorrect.
6. Simple offline feel:
When online: app saves last 3 Knowledge Cards in browser storage (localStorage).
When offline: app shows “You are offline, but you can review your saved cards”.
This is enough to:
Show agentic behavior (it generates structured cards + quiz).
Show vernacular + cultural analogy.
Show basic offline resilience.
Use AWS Bedrock and (optionally) Bhashini as promised.
We will not build in 4 days:
Full 22 languages.
Full WatermelonDB offline engine.
Full dynamic curriculum prediction with Step Functions.
Full admin NCERT ingestion pipeline.
2. What we will actually build in 4 days (realistic MVP)
MVP: Thin but real “Agentic Tutor” slice

But in the PPT and README we will say:
“This is MVP. The architecture is designed to scale to full features (as described in
design.md).”
To make your life easier:
React + TypeScript (Create React App or Vite).
PWA support (basic service worker, but no complex stuff).
Use:
fetch or axios to call backend.
localStorage to store last 3 Knowledge Cards.
Python 3 + FastAPI (easy and beginner-friendly)
OR Node.js + Express (if your team is more comfortable with JS).
Expose simple endpoints:
POST /api/ask – student question → returns Knowledge Card.
POST /api/quiz/submit – (optional) log quiz results.
Integrations:
Amazon Bedrock (Claude 3.5 Sonnet) via AWS SDK.
Bhashini via HTTP REST (if keys are available).
If you cannot get Bhashini access quickly, we will:
Simulate multilingual interaction using Claude prompts (still mention Bhashini in
design as planned integration).
Backend: Deployed as AWS Lambda + API Gateway (via AWS SAM or Serverless
Framework)
OR simpler for 4 days: deploy as a small server on Render / Railway / EC2.
Frontend: Deployed on Netlify / Vercel / GitHub Pages.
For hackathon, it is enough that:
The app is publicly reachable.
Demo clearly shows the core idea.
3. Tech stack for MVP (kept simple)
Frontend (web app, mobile-friendly)
Backend
Deployment

You said: “all the files must be separate – it makes us easy to build this”.
Here is a clean structure you can use for your GitHub repo:
vidya-setu/
├── frontend/                 # React PWA
│   ├── src/
│   │   ├── components/
│   │   │   ├── LanguageSelector.tsx
│   │   │   ├── TopicSelector.tsx
│   │   │   ├── QuestionInput.tsx
│   │   │   ├── KnowledgeCard.tsx
│   │   │   └── OfflineBanner.tsx
│   │   ├── pages/
│   │   │   └── HomePage.tsx
│   │   ├── services/
│   │   │   └── api.ts           # calls backend /api/ask
│   │   ├── hooks/
│   │   │   └── useOfflineCache.ts
│   │   ├── workers/
│   │   │   └── serviceWorker.ts # basic PWA worker
│   │   └── main.tsx / index.tsx
│   ├── public/
│   │   └── manifest.json        # PWA manifest
│   ├── package.json
│   └── README-frontend.md
│
├── backend/                  # FastAPI or Express backend
│   ├── app/
│   │   ├── main.py / index.js
│   │   ├── bedrock_client.py
│   │   ├── bhashini_client.py
│   │   └── schemas.py
│   ├── requirements.txt / package.json
│   └── README-backend.md
│
├── docs/
│   ├── requirements.md        # already written
│   ├── design.md              # already written
│   ├── ppt-outline.md         # we will create content for PPT
│   └── submission-checklist.md
│
├── .gitignore
├── README.md                  # high-level summary + how to run
└── LICENSE (optional)
This gives you:
Clear separation between frontend, backend, docs.
Each team member can work in different folders without confusion.
4. Repository & folder structure (everything clearly separated)

Goals:
GitHub repo created with basic structure.
Frontend and backend both run locally, even with fake data.
Tasks:
1. Set up tools on all laptops
Install:
Node.js (LTS).
Python 3.10+.
git.
Any code editor (VS Code).
2. Create GitHub repository
Name: vidya-setu or vidya-setu-dreamalpha.
Add team members as collaborators.
3. Create folder structure (as shown above).
Commit requirements.md and design.md into /docs.
4. Frontend skeleton
Use create-react-app or npm create vite@latest (TypeScript template).
Create:
LanguageSelector, TopicSelector, QuestionInput, KnowledgeCard.
For now, do not call backend; just:
When user clicks “Ask”, show a hard-coded Knowledge Card.
5. Backend skeleton
Set up FastAPI or Express with:
POST /api/ask that returns hard-coded JSON like:
{
"language": "kn",
"topic": "Gravity",
"question": "What is gravity?",
"answer": "Gravity is the force that pulls objects towards the Earth.",
"analogy": "Like how a mango falls from a tree to the ground in your villa
"quiz_question": "If you drop a ball, in which direction will it move?",
"quiz_answer": "Towards the Earth / downwards"
}
6. Connect frontend to backend locally
5. 4-day high-level plan
Day 1 – Setup and skeletons

Use fetch("http://localhost:8000/api/ask") (FastAPI) or appropriate port.
Confirm:
Type a question → get mock Knowledge Card from backend → show on screen.
At the end of Day 1:
You should have a working full loop but with fake AI logic.
Goals:
Backend actually calls Amazon Bedrock Claude 3.5.
Frontend displays real answers (but still maybe only English).
Tasks:
1. AWS setup
Ensure:
You have an AWS account.
Bedrock is enabled in your region (e.g., ap-south-1).
Create an IAM user with credentials that can call Bedrock.
2. Install Bedrock SDK
For Python:
Install boto3 and Bedrock-specific libs.
Write a simple test script to:
Send a question like “Explain gravity to a 10-year-old rural student using farming
example”.
Print response.
3. Wrap Bedrock in backend
Replace the fake response in /api/ask with:
Call to Bedrock model.
Prompt template that:
Asks model to:
Output: explanation + analogy + one simple quiz question.
Use given language when possible.
4. Update frontend
Display the AI-generated explanation, analogy, and quiz.
At the end of Day 2:
You have a real AI tutor (English, maybe simple Kannada-like output).
Day 2 – Integrate Amazon Bedrock (real AI reasoning)

Goals:
Basic language toggling (English/Kannada).
Simple offline feel (localStorage caching of last cards).
Tasks:
1. Language selector logic
When user selects Kannada:
Frontend sends "language": "kn" to backend.
In backend prompt for Bedrock:
“If language is kn, answer in Kannada and use local Indian examples.”
2. (Optional but ideal) Bhashini integration
If you have Bhashini keys:
Call Bhashini ASR/NMT/TTS from backend.
Flow:
Kannada text → Bhashini → English → Bedrock → English → Bhashini →
Kannada.
If you do not manage Bhashini:
Clearly mention in PPT:
MVP directly prompts Claude for Kannada.
Bhashini integration is part of future work, see design.md.
3. Offline behavior (simple version)
In frontend:
After every /api/ask response, save the Knowledge Card into localStorage.
Keep only last 3.
When app loads:
Check navigator.onLine and localStorage.
If offline:
Show banner: “You are offline. Showing last saved cards.”
Do not allow new questions; just show saved cards.
At the end of Day 3:
You have multilingual-feel and offline-feel MVP.
Day 3 – Add basic multilingual + “offline-feel”

Goals:
Deploy frontend + backend.
Record demo video.
Final PPT + README + GitHub ready.
Tasks:
1. Deploy backend
Simplest: use a free service like Render, Railway, or a small EC2 instance.
Get a public URL: https://vidyasetu-backend.onrender.com/api/ask.
2. Deploy frontend
Use Vercel or Netlify.
Set backend URL in a config file (e.g., VITE_API_URL or .env).
Test from phone browser.
3. Prepare PPT
Slides (we can draft content in the next step):
1. Problem (rural students, trilemma).
2. Solution overview (Vidya-Setu, agentic tutor).
3. Architecture (Edge – Bridge – Brain).
4. Core features (voice, multilingual, offline-first, analogy-based).
5. Demo screenshots.
6. Future work (full Bhashini, WatermelonDB, NCERT ingestion).
7. Tech stack.
8. Conclusion & impact.
4. Prepare demo video (2–3 minutes)
Script:
20–30 sec: Introduce team + problem.
60–90 sec: Live walkthrough of app:
Change language.
Ask a question.
Show Knowledge Card.
Turn off internet → show offline cards.
30–40 sec: Architecture slide + closing.
5. Clean GitHub
Make sure:
Day 4 – Polish, PPT, video, deployment

README.md has:
Short description.
How to run frontend.
How to run backend.
Link to live demo.
Link to video.
docs/ has requirements, design, ppt outline.
It is not possible to guarantee absolutely no code errors, especially with new tech (AWS
Bedrock, Bhashini) and beginners.
But this is what will be done:
Give you clear file-by-file code (frontend and backend) in later messages.
Explain each step in very simple language (“like a small child” as you requested).
Help you debug typical errors (imports, CORS, wrong URLs, etc.) by:
Asking you to paste error messages.
Telling you exactly what to change.
For this first message, the goal was:
1. Understand your project fully – done.
2. Define a realistic 4-day MVP – done.
3. Give high-level structure and plan – done.
Before writing any real code, do just this:
1. Confirm:
Do you have:
An AWS account?
At least one laptop where you can install Node, Python, git?
Is your team okay to use:
React for frontend?
Python FastAPI for backend? (If you strongly prefer Node/JS backend, mention it.)
2. Once you confirm stack (Python or Node backend), the next reply will:
Give exact commands to:
6. About “no errors” and how mentoring will work
7. What you should do next (today)

Create the GitHub repo.
Initialize frontend project.
Initialize backend project.
Start writing the actual code files step-by-step:
backend/app/main.py (or index.js).
frontend/src/components/*.
Simple API integration.
Reply with:
Your chosen backend language (Python or Node.js).
Whether you have AWS account access yet.
Then the guidance will move into Day 1 detailed steps with commands and code.
⁂
1. design.md
2. AI-Hackathon-Submission-Preparation.pdf
3. Ai_for_bharat-TeamDreamAlphasubmission.pdf
4. requirements.md
